Step 4 missing in the installation procedure (#3713)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.10/installation/installation-of-a-central-server/unattended.md

In both cases, you will get a full log file with all errors in your **tmp** folder, named **unattended(date).log**.

> To get help on the script, use the following command: `bash unattended.sh -h`

> 4. Configure Centreon frontend

Author: ```suggestion
4. Configure Centreon
```

Log in to the Centreon web interface via the URL `http://[SERVER_IP]/centreon` where [SERVER_IP] is the real IP address of your server.

> After attempting to connect, follow the steps described [here](../../web-and-post-installation/#initialization-of-the-monitoring).

Author: ```suggestion
Once you are logged in, follow the steps described [here](../../web-and-post-installation/#initialization-of-the-monitoring).
```

5. Start using Centreon

> Follow our [quick start guide](../../getting-started/welcome.md) to start your monitoring

Author: ```suggestion
Follow our [quick start guide](../../getting-started/welcome.md) to start your monitoring.
```

In both cases, you will get a full log file with all errors in your **tmp** folder, named **unattended(date).log**.

4. Configure Centreon frontend

Log in to Centreon web interface via the URL http://[SERVER_IP]/centreon where [SERVER_IP] is the real IP address of your server.

> After attempting to connect, follow the steps described in Centreon documentation [here](../../web-and-post-installation).

Author: ```suggestion
After attempting to connect, follow the steps described [here](../../web-and-post-installation).
```

> After attempting to connect, follow the steps described in Centreon documentation [here](../installation/web-and-post-installation).

Author: ```suggestion
After attempting to connect, follow the steps described in Centreon documentation [here](../../installation/web-and-post-installation).
```

> After attempting to connect, follow the steps described in Centreon documentation [here](../../installation/web-and-post-installation).

Author: ```suggestion
After attempting to connect, follow the steps described in Centreon documentation [here](../../web-and-post-installation).
```

5. Start using Centreon

>    Follow our quick start guide to start your monitoring

Author: ```suggestion
Follow our quick start guide to start your monitoring
```
